For most people the greatest challenge in reading isn't about
speed comprehension or memory these are just excuses The real
issue lies in the inability to finish a book The
true problem is the inability to progress and complete reading
not efficiency or elegance The foolproof method assumes that everyone
struggles and tends to retreat in the face of difficulties
Therefore it aims to help individuals complete even a small
portion of reading fostering confidence step by step It also
ensures this confidence doesn't lead to overconfidence The focus is
on steady progress rather than speed or efficiency It may
seem foolish to assume someone can only manage to read
ten pages a day But the real answer lies in
becoming someone who can finish a book Reading ten pages
daily repeating them ten times is the method